The End
Hello.
What's up?
I'm here to see you.
Thank you.
I have a favor to ask you.
What is it?
Nothing else.
Our judge was trying to beat you up.
By using those words...
...he struck you!
He did?
How can that be!
So today is your first day off?
Poor you!
But did you richly finish off your instructors?
So who did you hit?
Is it him?
You're saying that we're the same.
Yes, we're the same.
We're the same as the first day we were born.
What are you saying?
The word, the first day, is a good word.
It's a good word.
Even if it's the same,
if it's the first day we were born,
we should call it the first day.
Wait, I'm begging you.
I'm poor, but I can't raise a child.
I'm not asking you to raise a child.
The sixth day, the sixth day,
is the seventh day.
Oh, really?
I don't know.
So I can't raise a child.
I've discussed it with my father.
I'll tell him.
If you don't tell him
that you know the meaning of the word,
it's hard to say
that it's a life-saving or
that the word is a sign of the body.
If you tell him that you know the meaning,
he'll know everything
about the place next to the house.
I've come here to ask you
if you can give me a nice name.
Wait a minute.
Who's that?
Oh, it's you.
You're so stupid.
You're not telling me anything.
You're asking me
if I'm asking you.
I'm not telling you
anything.
I'm just saying
that you have to give this
to someone who knows the meaning of the word.
I'm just saying that you have to give this
What do you mean?
I'm not telling you
anything.
What's your name?
What a nice name.
I'm asking you to give me a name
that's like a sign of the body.
It's so difficult.
You're so cute.
I'm a man of my own.
I'm asking you to give me a nice name.
You're so cute.